forge "http://forge.puppetlabs.com"

#
# Server Setup, including puppetdb
#
mod "puppetlabs/inifile",                    :latest
mod "puppetlabs/stdlib",                     :latest
mod "puppetlabs/puppetdb",                   :latest
mod "puppetlabs/hocon",                      :latest
mod "puppetlabs/firewall",                   :latest
mod "puppetlabs/postgresql",                 :latest
mod "puppetlabs/apt",                        '2.4.0'
mod "puppetlabs/concat",                     '2.2.1'

#
# Additional Server Setup, choria.io ( mcollective )
#
mod "choria-mcollective_choria",             :latest
mod "choria-mcollective",                    :latest
mod "choria-mcollective_agent_puppet",       :latest
mod "choria-mcollective_agent_package",      :latest
mod "choria-mcollective_agent_service",      :latest
mod "choria-mcollective_agent_filemgr",      :latest
mod "choria-mcollective_util_actionpolicy",  :latest
mod "choria-nats",                           :latest
mod "camptocamp-systemd",                    :latest

#
# Jenkins
#
mod "rtyler-jenkins",                        :latest
mod "puppetlabs-java",                       :latest
mod "puppet-archive",                        :latest
mod "darin-zypprepo",                        :latest

mod "jdowning-rbenv",                        :latest
mod "golja-gnupg",                           :latest

#
# r10k
#
mod "puppet-r10k",                           :latest
mod "gentoo-portage",                        :latest
mod "puppet-make",                           :latest
mod "puppetlabs-gcc",                        :latest
mod "puppetlabs-git",                        :latest
mod "puppetlabs-ruby",                       :latest
mod "puppetlabs-vcsrepo",                    :latest
#mod "puppetlabs-inifile",                    :latest
#mod "puppetlabs-stdlib",                     :latest

#
# Puppetboard
#
mod "puppet-puppetboard",                    :latest
#mod "puppetlabs-stdlib",                     :latest
#mod "puppetlabs-vcsrepo",                    :latest
mod "stankevich-python",                     :latest
mod "stahnma-epel",                          :latest

#
# NTP
#
mod "puppetlabs-ntp",                        :latest

#
# Windows DSC
#
mod "puppetlabs-dsc",                        :latest
mod "puppetlabs-powershell",                 :latest
mod "puppetlabs-reboot",                     :latest

#
# DHParam Generation (Nginx Where needed)
mod "camptocamp-openssl",                    :latest
